hi guys there's been quite ought to
offer about ginger cakes recently and
today I'm going to be making her to
indicate for a friend it's have fun
tastic gingerbread recipe so nice moist
sticky gingerbread neither does my
ginger loves of mobile anyway get back
to the topic in hand it's a very
forgiving recipe now the fresh thyme I
made it I got with the right player and
2 x's the flower was left out and it was
fantastic so without any further ado we
shall get on and make this recipe
so the recipe calls six ounces of
molasses I've got pure black strap
molasses the easiest way to work out a
way to do this is to actually set your
take the lid off the second round on
your skills and turn your scales on
battle zero your skills and then as you
lasses from the jar tell you how much
you get laid and Isis in the pan they
Marcus and that goes on the path alone
all you're doing is just melting those
ingredients together right before I
actually put that anything to add my
other ingredients carbon sugar recipe
calls for a teaspoon of each
service can peaches village gentamicin
when you're so then don't bang yourself
against the side of the bowl this is
just the people don't know obviously
most a lot of people are big cooking for
ages know all these things back legs
your hand because the whole point is
having its put air into the threatens
the flour mixture and the other point
with this is because we're using
wholemeal flour we're going to get left
with a lot of ground that's fine just
survived all the ordinary flour and when
you've got a brand left at the end just
tip it in on top of the mixture don't
forget to stir your your mixture in your
pan every now and again all you're doing
is combining the ingredients so you
don't need to do much more than stir it
occasionally but as soon as that cutters
melted and everything's mixed together
nicely turn the heat off right this
recipe wants you to use to Pendleton and
you've got to prepare it for so just
grease it
and line it with some baking parchment
not all we're going to need for this
time for the star laughlin right
anything you do your lining you leave
ends like this it makes it very easy to
take the cake out again once it's cooked
leave it to cool for a couple of minutes
and then just simply lift out by the end
some nice fresh eggs for my chickens
look at that one lovely beat them all
together and applause make you look at
well in the middle that's it and we can
just pull that in and mix it okay that's
our mixture cool down now and ready to
go in to see how nice and silky guys
ready to go into our flowers and just
pour it in other mixture here as well
which also just goes in and you just
like someone it's a very wet mixture
just fine nice moisture into cake okay
so once your mixture at all beaten and
you're happy with that pour it into 10
now it was in the oven 164 an error and
a quarter so don't get set your timer
okay guys that's the cake out the other
and as I said using a parchment paper
mix it ever too easy take care of the
ten and that's that one ginger cake
you